feat(#1782): documentation for cht-sync v2 (#1783)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/hosting/analytics/building-dbt-models.md

In the CHT Sync config, set the URL of the dbt GitHub repository to the `CHT_PIPELINE_BRANCH_URL` [environment variable]({{< relref "hosting/analytics/environment-variables" >}}), either in `.env` if using Docker compose, or in `values.yaml` if using Kubernetes.

{{% alert title="Note" %}}
If `CHT_PIPELINE_BRANCH_URL` is pointing to a private GitHub repository, you'll need an access token in the URL. Assuming your repository is `medic/cht-pipeline`, you would replace  `<PAT>`  with an access token: `https://<PAT>@github.com/medic/cht-pipeline.git#main`. Please see [GitHub's instructions](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/managing-your-personal-access-tokens) on how to generate a token. If you create a fine-grained access token you need to provide read and write access to the [contents](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/authentication/permissions-required-for-fine-grained-personal-access-tokens?apiVersion=2022-11-28#repository-permissions-for-contents) of the repository.
{{% /alert %}}

### Local development

> When doing development, it is convenient to be able to test changes locally with out needing to push to a remote repository and then have dbt pull those same changes back down. To expedite local development, set the `DBT_LOCAL_PATH` [environment variable]({{< relref "hosting/analytics/environment-variables" >}}) to point to the dbt models directory on your computer. Then, use the the `--local` profile [option]({{< relref "hosting/analytics/setup-docker-compose#local" >}}) when calling `docker` which avoids the `CHT_PIPELINE_BRANCH_URL` and uses the `DBT_LOCAL_PATH` you just declared.

Reviewer: nitpick: Honestly we probably do not need so much detail here (that might get out of sync). You already have all the important details captured over in `setup-docker-compose.md`, so really here we just need to mention the option is available. Something like:

```suggestion
When creating/modifying models, you can use the Docker [local profile]({{< relref "hosting/analytics/setup-docker-compose#local" >}}) to run a local test instance of CHT Sync that can reference your model configuration directly on your local machine (without needing to commit/push the changes remotely).
```

```
To avoid breaking changes in downstream models, include `revision` in the dependency, which should be a version tag for `cht-pipeline`.

> For production and remote deployments, in the CHT Sync config, set the URL of the dbt GitHub repository to the `CHT_PIPELINE_BRANCH_URL` [environment variable]({{< relref "hosting/analytics/environment-variables" >}}), either in `.env` if using Docker compose, or in `values.yaml` if using Kubernetes.

Reviewer 2: I think it doesn't matter that this is a production or remote deployment, yeah? I think always want to set this, but you may conditionally override per "Local development" below.  Please push back if this isn't correct!

```suggestion
In the CHT Sync config, set the URL of the dbt GitHub repository to the `CHT_PIPELINE_BRANCH_URL` [environment variable]({{< relref "hosting/analytics/environment-variables" >}}), either in `.env` if using Docker compose, or in `values.yaml` if using Kubernetes.
```

{{% alert title="Note" %}}
If `CHT_PIPELINE_BRANCH_URL` is pointing to a private GitHub repository, you'll need an access token in the URL. Assuming your repository is `medic/cht-pipeline`, you would replace  `<PAT>`  with an access token: `https://<PAT>@github.com/medic/cht-pipeline.git#main`. Please see [GitHub's instructions](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/managing-your-personal-access-tokens) on how to generate a token. If you create a fine-grained access token you need to provide read and write access to the [contents](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/authentication/permissions-required-for-fine-grained-personal-access-tokens?apiVersion=2022-11-28#repository-permissions-for-contents) of the repository.
{{% /alert %}}

### Local development

> It is helpful to test changes locally before commiting them to a remote repository.
> For local testing and development, in the CHT Sync config, set the path to the dbt project to the `DBT_LOCAL_PATH` [environment variable]({{< relref "hosting/analytics/environment-variables" >}}) in `.env`
> Use the [docker compose setup]({{< relref "hosting/analytics/setup-docker-compose" >}}) for CHT Sync with the `--local` profile.

Reviewer 2: I think we can be a bit more explicit about why using a local directory is better/faster

```suggestion
When doing development, it  is convenient to be able to test changes locally with out needing to push to a remote repository and then have dbt pull those same changes back down. To expedite local development, set the `DBT_LOCAL_PATH` [environment variable]({{< relref "hosting/analytics/environment-variables" >}}) to point to the dbt models directory on your computer.  Then, use the the `--local` profile [option]({{< relref "hosting/analytics/setup-docker-compose" >}}) when calling `docker` which avoids the `CHT_PIPELINE_BRANCH_URL` and uses the  `DBT_LOCAL_PATH` you just declared.
```
